en: add ticdc doc (#331)
pingcap/docs-tidb-operator: en/deploy-ticdc.md

---

> title: Deploy TiCDC on Kubernetes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Deploy TiCDC in Kubernetes
```

> summary: Learn how to deploy TiCDC on Kubernetes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
summary: Learn how to deploy TiCDC in Kubernetes.
```

category: how-to
---

> # Deploy TiCDC on Kubernetes

Reviewer: In our documentation, we use `in Kubernetes` instead of `on Kubernetes`. Please make change in this document accordingly.
```suggestion
# Deploy TiCDC in Kubernetes
```

> [TiCDC](https://pingcap.com/docs/stable/ticdc/ticdc-overview/) is a tool for replicating the incremental data of TiDB. This document describes how to deploy TiCDC on Kubernetes using TiDB Operator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[TiCDC](https://pingcap.com/docs/stable/ticdc/ticdc-overview/) is a tool for replicating the incremental data of TiDB. This document describes how to deploy TiCDC on Kubernetes using TiDB Operator.

You can deploy TiCDC when deploying a new TiDB cluster, or add the TiCDC component to an existing TiDB cluster.
```

## Prerequisites

> * TiDB Operator is [deployed](deploy-tidb-operator.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TiDB Operator is [deployed](deploy-tidb-operator.md).
```

## Fresh TiCDC deployment

> To deploy TiFlash when deploying the TiDB cluster, refer to [Deploy TiDB on General Kubernetes](deploy-on-general-kubernetes.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To deploy TiCDC when deploying the TiDB cluster, refer to [Deploy TiDB in General Kubernetes](deploy-on-general-kubernetes.md).
```
